MONEY VIEW
If a member bank is a net debtor at the end of the day, it has to choose from:

Pay in clearinghouse certificate

Borrow from another member.

Default

PROGRAM
Clearinghouse system and correspondent system are interchangeable
A bank can choose to pay chCerts or bankDeps
would require a refactor




[`As we have seen in the previous example, the Clearing House offers banks the ability to
clear their accounts by netting all their claims from and to other banks and then settling
them at the Clearing House. This is because the sum total of each banks' reserves are held
at one big bank. If one bank is a net debtor, its debts are covered as the sum total can never
go beyond that of the Clearing House.`,

`However in times of stress, for example there is a drain of funds from outside of the Clearing 
House system (a bank run, or a drain of funds abroad), the sum total needed by all member banks 
will exceed the reserves of the Clearing House. In this situation the members can borrow from the 
clearinghouse itself. The clearinghouse funds the loan by issuing a clearinghouse loan certificate, 
on the back of collateral of any debtor bank. 
Whereas the clearinghouse certificate is directly backed by gold, the clearinghouse loan certificate is backed by the loan instead.`
,
`Clearinghouse loan certificates are like banknotes, but they're being issued against member 
loans rather than the special 2% government bonds. Before 1907, it wasn't clear that they were legal.
Sometimes, it was hard for the clearinghouse to get the loan certificates back because they paid so well.`]

In times of stress when all member banks lack sufficient gold, the members can borrow from the clearinghouse itself. The clearinghouse funds the loan by issuing a clearinghouse loan certificate. Whereas the clearinghouse certificate is directly backed by gold, the clearinghouse loan certificate is backed by the loan instead.
Clearinghouse loan certificates are like banknotes, but they're being issued against member 
loans rather than the special 2% government bonds. Before 1907, it wasn't clear that they were legal.
Sometimes, it was hard for the clearinghouse to get the loan certificates back because they paid so well.